clickhouse: minor post-GA improvements (#1836)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/clickhouse/concepts/columnar-databases.rst

ClickHouse® as a columnar database
==================================

> Learn how columnar databases handles data and what benefits this approach has. Check out characteristics and capabilities of ClickHouse® as a columnar database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how columnar databases handle data and what benefits this approach has. Check out the characteristics and capabilities of ClickHouse® as a columnar database.
```

Author: Thanks for spotting "handle" :-) Still, I'm gonna skip "the" since at this point in the article I dont mean a specific set of characteristics that the user is familiar with but in general something I'm just about to introduce.

Fast data reading
-----------------

Compared to traditional row-oriented solutions, columnar database management systems store data tables by columns to provide better performance and efficiency in certain applications. As a truly columnar database, ClickHouse® also stores the values of the same column physically next to each other. This further increases the speed of retrieving the values of a column. However, it also makes it slower to retrieve complete rows, as the values of a single row are stored across different physical locations.

Enhanced query performance
--------------------------

Storing the data of each column independently minimizes disk access and improves query performance by reading only the data columns that are relevant to a specific query.

Data compression and queries aggregation
----------------------------------------

> This storage approach also provides better options for data compression, for example by the ability to better utilize similarities between adjacent data. Columnar databases are also better at aggregating queries that involve large sets of data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This storage approach also provides better options for data compression, for example, by the ability to better utilize similarities between adjacent data. Columnar databases are also better at aggregating queries involving large data sets. 
```
